# [Data Analyzer](https://github.com/Jamoeoe/work-ai-taskforce)
Data analyzer is a proof of concept program to show how AI can fit into analyst workflows. The prototype takes the data you provide as an `xlsx`, gives you 3 critical takeaways and makes graphs to support those takeaways.
The prototype is best used as a tool to vector your attention and give you ideas to begin your analysis.

## Up front disclaimers
- This program will send your data to [genai.mil](https://genai.mil/) -> **APPROVED FOR IL5 - CONTROLLED UNCLASSIFIED INFORMATION (CUI) - NO PII/PHI**.
- AI responses can and will be incorrect in many cases. Never use anything generated by AI directly without thoroughly verifying it is correct.

## Setup
1. On Windows, download or clone the repo then run `setup/setup.bat`. This will install Python, the required Python packages and configure the environment.

#### Get your API key
2. Go to the [genai.mil API](https://genai.mil/stark/user-ui).
3. Complete the initial access form.
4. Click on [API Keys](https://genai.mil/stark/user-ui/keys) and click 'Create Your First Key'.
5. Name your key whatever you want and click the 'llm' check box at 'Select Permissions' then create your key.
6. Copy your API key and paste it into the .env file.  
*Note: don't worry if you lose the key, you can go back and make as many new ones as you want.*  
*Note pt2: your key will be locked when you create it and every 8 hours, click the link in the API response or go to the [API Keys](https://genai.mil/stark/user-ui/keys) dashboard to unlock it.*  
*Note pt3: don't upload your key anywhere, its a secret :D.*

#### Add your data
7. Delete or move `data/sample_data.xlsx` and place your data in the `data` folder. (Or play around with the sample data).

## Running the program

- `run.bat` will generate new analysis from genai.
- `run previous run.bat` will run the code generated by the previous run if you want to look at it again.

## Uninstalling things installed by setup

1. Run `setup/uninstall.bat` this will uninstall Python 3.12. You can also just delete the .venv folder to remove installed Python packages.